Theory and UG for the `SurfaceKinetics` BC (#808)
festim-dev/FESTIM: docs/source/userguide/boundary_conditions.rst

    my_bc = DissociationFlux(surfaces=2, Kd_0=2, E_Kd=0.1, P=1e05)

Kinetic surface model (1D)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Kinetic surface model can be included to account for the evolution of adsorbed hydrogen on a surface with the :class:`festim.SurfaceKinetics` class.

> Refer to the :ref:`theory` section for more details.

Reviewer: You can refer directly to the right subsection.

```suggestion
Refer to the :ref:`Kinetic surface model` section for more details.
```

.. testcode:: BCs

    from festim import t
    import fenics as f

    def k_bs(T, surf_conc, t):
        return 1e13*f.exp(-0.2/k_b/T)

    def k_sb(T, surf_conc, t):
        return 1e13*f.exp(-1.0/k_b/T)

    def J_vs(T, surf_conc, t):

        J_des = 2e5*surf_conc**2*f.exp(-1.2/k_b/T)
        J_ads = 1e17*(1-surf_conc/1e17)**2*f.conditional(t<10, 1, 0)

        return J_ads - J_des

>     my_bc = SurfaceKinetics(k_bs=k_bs, k_sb=k_sb, lambda_IS=1.1e-10, n_surf=1e17, n_IS=6.3e28, J_vs=J_vs, surfaces=3, initial_condition=0, t=t)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    my_bc = SurfaceKinetics(
        k_bs=k_bs,
        k_sb=k_sb,
        lambda_IS=1.1e-10,
        n_surf=1e17,
        n_IS=6.3e28,
        J_vs=J_vs,
        surfaces=3,
        initial_condition=0,
        t=t
        )
```
